feat(window-state): add filter callback for excluding windows from tracking (#2330)
tauri-apps/plugins-workspace: .changes/window-state-filter-callback.md

---
window-state: patch
window-state-js: patch
---

> Introduces a filter callback to exclude specific windows from saving their state. This allows for more flexibility by enabling dynamic exclusion of windows based on custom logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `Builder::with_filter` callback to exclude specific windows from saving their state. This allows for more flexibility by enabling dynamic exclusion of windows based on custom logic.
```
